SIP Witch NEWS -- history of visible user changes. Updated 2008-04-15

SIP Witch is an official package of the GNU Project as of August 10th 2007.
GNU SIP Witch is also part of GNU Telephony & the GNU Telecom subsystem.

sipwitch 0.1 codebase initial public release with support of SIP registration,
multi-target registration, authentication peering over SIP, and registration
querying of user agents, basic call processing between registered user agents
including call distribution for multi-target registrations, and basic SIP
instant messaging support.

sipwitch 0.4 represents the first minimally deployable baseline sipwitch
server.  This release includes multipath calling, and basic call forwarding.
Also important with this release is stablization of core management api's,
including SWIG interfaces for local scripting languages, and xmlrpc cgi.
Basic management and administration services can now be built for sipwitch.
Support for changing server state is also complete, such as for "day"/"night"
modes, holidays, etc.  Basic server call statistics and call detail record
processing is completed.

sipwitch 0.5 introduces the concept of internodal calling and allows sipwitch
to transform itself into a sip redirection server for certain local call
destinations.  Internodal calling differs from dialing to remote uri's in that
the authentication record is pre-stuffed into the remote invite, hence, all
nodes must share the same sip realm.  This allows one sipwitch server to call a
"local" extension number that actually appears on a remote switch rather than
the one the user agent is registered to. Internodal references are generated
using pattern rules through the static <routing> table <redirect> entries.  The
forward secure calling domain plugin also makes use of internodal calling to
connect with the insecure domain.
  
